SISKO: Station Log,
Stardate 46925.1.
We have been honored with a visit
by a delegation of Federation ambassadors
on a fact-finding mission to the wormhole.
Fortunately, I have just the officer
to take them off my hands.
I only wish there was something
I could do, Ambassador.
Madam Ambassador.
But all the guest quarters on the station
are roughly the same size.
Then move me to the crew level.
All the quarters on the crew level
are currently occupied.
Then someone can move.
You, for example.
MALE: She did the same thing
during the voyage here.
She's never satisfied.
At least I didn't bother
the Captain every hour
with some new suggestion
on how to run his ship.
He welcomed my suggestions
as I'm sure your Commander Sisko
will welcome them
if we ever get to spend any time with him.
Well, Commander Sisko is extremely busy.
With what?
With... the... recalibration sweep.
What are you recalibrating?
Mmm? Everything.
Um, it's a sweeping... uh,
a recalibration of all systems.
I cannot speak for the others
but I would be fascinated
to observe this recalibration, Doctor.
You would?
Well, after your long trip
I thought you might enjoy
stopping by a holosuite.
TAXCO: Are you actually suggesting
we indulge in one of those disgusting
Ferengi sex programs?
No.
I... the holosuites are capable
of many different--
Of course that's what he was suggesting.
The Arbazan are so sexually repressed.
Why, this is outrageous.
Perhaps we should all just get some rest.
I did not come
all this way to rest, Doctor.
I would like to see your facility.
A first-year officer assigned
as our liaison.
Starfleet Command will hear of this.
Ambassador... Madam Ambassador
I'm only...
TROI: Oh, where is it?
Oh, it's gone, it's gone!
What's gone, Madam Ambassador?
-Oh, my latinum hair brooch.
-Quark!
I had just made my third straight cross.
I was leaning across the table
to pick up the dice again
something brushed against me
-and my God! I've been wigged.
-What's the problem, here?
Someone has stolen Ambassador
Troi's latinum hair brooch.
I'm sorry, but as the sign says,
the establishment is not responsible
-for the loss of any personal items.
-Sign? What sign?
The one above the door.
You'd have to stand on a chair
to read that.
House rules. I'm very sorry.
Have a nice day.
-( gasps )
-You are dealing
with the daughter of the Fifth House
Holder of the Sacred Chalice of Rixx
Heir to the Holy Rings of Betazed.
Not my ear, please!
Yes, and I know
where it hurts the most, you little troll.
Now, I want this room sealed
and I want everyone in it strip-searched
until you find my brooch.
ODO: May I be of service?
Oh, thank goodness.
Our Chief of Security, Odo.
What seems to be the problem?
Well, my brooch has been stolen.
It's been in my family for 36 generations.
It's absolutely priceless
and I want it back.
You're certain you were wearing it today?
Yes, of course I'm certain.
I never use this hair without it.
I see.
You're... Betazoid?
Of course.
-Telepathic?
-Yes.
And you sense no guilt
anywhere in this room?
( sighs )
No, but Betazoids cannot read Ferengis.
ODO: Quark has plenty
of reason to feel guilty
but he usually doesn't have to resort
to petty theft
to fleece his clients.
Thank you.
ODO: Wait a minute.
Empty your pockets now.
Well...
Since when did you join Starfleet?
( gasps ) That's it--that's my brooch.
But how did you know?
Dopterians are distant
relatives of the Ferengi.
It made sense that since you couldn't read
Quark you might not be able to read
this charming fellow either.
Oh, how perfectly brilliant of you.
Doctor, I want to know everything
there is to know
about your Security Chief.
Computer, is the diagnostic
on the fusion power plant finished yet?
Affirmative.
The fusion power plant
is operating within normal parameters.
What are you talking about?
It's 13% below normal.
Cardassain specifications
accept operating efficiency within 20%.
Well, I don't.
Anara.
Yes, sir.
How much do you know
about carbon reaction chambers?
I've learned
a little about laser-induced fusion
not much more than the basics.
Ah, it's a bloody inefficient system.
I'd trade it in for a Federation
model tomorrow if I could
but it's all we've got.
Do me a favor.
Keep an eye on the exhaust
plasma temperature.
Computer, increase deuterium flow
by five percent to reaction chamber two.
Procedure is not recommended.
Look, I've had enough
of your opinions, damn it.
Just do it!
Procedure is not recommended.
Consult Cardassian operational guidelines
paragraph 254-A, now on screen.
I don't want to read your tech manual.
Fine. We'll do it ourselves.
Reinitializing reactor two.
Directing plasma flow
to conduits 143, 144...
Chief O'Brien, the power
flow from reactor two
has just been shut down.
What?
Computer, analyze reactor two failure.
Reactor two was shut down
after sensors detected
a potential overload
of the carbon reaction chambers.
That's it. That's the straw!
Relax, Chief. It's just a computer.
This is no computer. This is my archenemy.
You've got it working just fine,
as far I can tell.
Fine? With all due respect, Commander.
As an engineer,
I couldn't look at myself in the mirror
if I allowed this computer
to continue to perform as it is now.
I'll have to do a root canal.
Root canal?
It's engineering shorthand, sir.
I'll have to get into its guts.
-and rebuild it from the ground up.
-How long will that take?
Well, I'm still not that familiar
with Cardassian technology
but, oh, I guess no more
than two, three years.
That's going to take a lot of man-hours.
Is it really necessary?
You don't understand--
Let's just say I don't have
your sensitivity to the computer.
That's all right. Forget about it.
-Uh, Chief...
-It's all right. It doesn't matter.
Chief, I want you to do
what you have to do.
Thank you, sir. I'll get right on it.
And this is Ops.
The heart and soul of Deep Space 9.
Ah, there you are, Commander.
Gentlemen, Madam Ambassador.
They insisted on seeing operations, sir.
Of course.
Make yourselves at home.
I trust that Doctor Bashir
has been taking care of all your needs.
Well, he refuses to change
my accommodations.
SISKO: Accommodations?
Well, if I have to sleep another night
on a Cardassian bed
with gargoyles staring at me
from the wood poles...
KIRA: Commander.
An unidentified vessel
is coming through the wormhole.
On screen. Excuse me.
Uh, you'll get a better view
from over here.
Quite a sight isn't it?
That's it? That's the whole thing?
Well, yes, it is.
I was expecting more, somehow.
DAX: Scanners aren't picking up
any life-forms on board.
-A probe?
-Might be.
I'm reading an extensive computer array
but no signals to suggest
it's trying to maintain contact
with a mother ship.
Are the computers compatible with ours?
It's hard to tell.
I don't recognize any known
subprocessor patterns.
Obviously, the young woman
doesn't have the necessary experience.
Perhaps I can--
The "young woman" over there
has over 300 years experience, Ambassador.
DAX: I might have better luck
if we towed it into the docking ring.
No, not until we know
a little bit more about it.
Major, tow it to 500 meters
off the docking ring.
Yes, sir.
Mr. O'Brien, try to set up
an adaptive interface link
and see if we can download
any information from it.
Aye, sir.
I think it will be best
if we clear this area.
But this probe may represent contact
with a new species.
Commander, I think it would be appropriate
for at least one Federation ambassador
to be present at this historic occasion
and since I have a particular interest
in First Contact procedures...
I appreciate your interest, Ambassador
and to keep you all informed,
I'm scheduling a briefing
at 0400. In the meantime, Dr. Bashir
the best place to view this probe
is from the docking ring near Port Seven.
I'll show them the way.
( sighs )
Such concentration.
Such intensity, such passion
for your work.
Tracking intergalactic malefactors.
Most people find it rather tedious.
Tedious? ( chuckling )
No, those of us who have been
beneficiaries of your heroism
would never call your work tedious.
We've learned that, on this station
you are the thin, beige line
between order and chaos.
That's my job.
Now, what can I do for you?
You haven't lost anything else, I hope.
Only my heart.
I beg your pardon?
Is, um...
Is Odo your first or last name?
Yes.
Oh. Then I can just call you, uh?
Odo.
It has a certain lyrical quality.
Lyrical?
Odo...
It rolls off the tongue.
Uh...
I have a lot of work to do.
I understand you're a shape-shifter.
That's correct.
I've never been with a shape-shifter.
"Been with?"
I've heard
that you're the only one of your kind.
So far.
Mmm. All the men I've known
have needed to be shaped,
and molded, and manipulated
and finally I've met a man
who knows how to do it himself.
Oh...
( groaning ) Is that the com?
I think it is. Excuse me.
I've got to get to Ops.
COMPUTER: Initiating high-resolution scan.
Memory nodes located.
Proceeding with data transfer.
Yeah, there you go.
Who would have thought?
You seem surprised, Chief.
Well, knowing this computer,
I thought I would have had to reconfigure
the whole emulator module
to make it compatible with the probe
but it's cooperating for once.
Transfer of data is complete.
Well done, computer.
Computer, run standard code translations
on probe data.
Isolate syntax results.
Processing.
Stand by.
Come in. Yes, Odo.
Commander...
-I have a problem.
-Quark again?
No, sir. This one is named Lwaxana.
Lwaxana Troi, the ambassador?
That's her.
There was a minor incident at the bar
that I helped her with, and now she's...
Grateful.
What's the problem?
The manner in which
she expresses her... gratitude.
To be honest, Commander, she seems...
Interested in me.
What's wrong with that?
She's extremely aggressive.
I see. So she's after you.
Like a Wanoni tracehound.
Have you thought of letting her catch you?
Sir?
A little romance, Odo.
I have six pylons that need a complete
security sweep.
I don't have time for romantic interludes.
Frankly, in my humble opinion,
most of you humanoids
spend far too much time
on your respective mating rituals.
It does help the procreation
of one's species.
Procreation does not require
changing how you smell
or writing bad poetry,
or sacrificing various plants
to serve as tokens of affection.
In any event,
it's all irrelevant to me.
I'm sorry to hear that.
I would appreciate it if you would do
something about this woman.
Me?
Just tell her to leave me alone.
Constable, you can handle thieves
and killers, but not one Betazoid woman?
I understand thieves and killers.
I don't understand... her.
I can't help you, Odo.
I'm just trying to avoid
a diplomatic incident.
I don't want to insult the Ambassador.
SISKO: A reasonable concern.
I suggest you handle the matter
with great delicacy.
I don't handle "delicacy" very well.
The probe appears to be made out
of some sort of corundium alloy.
COMPUTER: Analysis of all subprocessor
modules is complete.
Already?
On screen.
Lieutenant?
No science modules
no communications system
and enough computer capacity to run
a Galaxy-class starship.
It's very odd.
That's an awful lot of computer hardware
simply to navigate a probe.
Anything?
Nothing to suggest the probe's mission...
Or any hint of its origin.
Ah! There you are, Odo!
( laughs ) Have you ever been
on the fourth moon of Andevian II at dawn?
Can't say I have.
I have the most wonderful holoprogram.
And I've reserved a suite for us
with that Quark person.
You told Quark that you
were going into a holosuite with me?
Well, of course.
He's preparing a special
picnic basket for us.
Good Lord.
I'm afraid I'm not available.
I have to get
to Upper Pylon 3 immediately.
Madam Ambassador...
Oh, Lwaxana.
Um... Upper Pylon 3.
I've always wanted to see an upper pylon.
I know, I'll have Quark
send one of his minions with our basket.
We'll have our picnic up there.
Madam Ambassador...
Oh, Lwaxana.
I don't eat. This is not a real mouth.
It is an approximation of one.
I do not have an esophagus or a stomach
or a digestive system. I am not like you.
Every 16 hours, I turn into a liquid.
I can swim.
Oh!
Computer?
Computer!
Odo to Ops.
Go ahead, Odo.
Ambassador Troi and I are stuck
in Turbolift 7.
-What's going on?
-Power to the pylon
turbolifts has failed.
We're reading a turbolift failure, Odo.
We'll beam you out.
Locking on. Prepare to transport.
ODO: Ready.
Energizing.
Well?
KIRA: Looks like the transporter
is down, too.
But don't worry, Constable.
We'll get it repaired right away.
Dax to Chief O'Brien.
Please report to Ops immediately.
Be patient, Odo.
We'll get you out of there
as soon as we can.
Well, alone at last.
COMPUTER: Electromotive
coil functions, normal.
Load detection functions, normal.
Diagnostic complete.
I don't get it.
Every component of the turbolift power net
seems to be operational.
We can't find anything wrong
with the transporter.
Great, everything's in working order
except nothing's working.
How do we get our people
out of the turbolift, Chief?
Well, if we were on a starship,
I'd reroute the EPS power flow
in a couple of hours,
but with this computer
there's no telling how long it'll take.
Get it started.
Kira to Odo.
Yes, Major?
I'm sorry, but you're going
to have to stay put for a while longer.
Define "a while."
I wish I knew.
By the way, Cardassian turbolifts
run exposed, multi-phased
alternating currents
through their positioning mechanisms
so don't try to shape-shift your way out.
I wouldn't think of it.
Besides, it wouldn't be polite.
I didn't hear that.
I--It wouldn't be polite.
Understood. Kira out.
( sighs )
Do you suppose that we're, uh...
we're actually in any danger?
Not if we remain calm.
Ah.
Well, then we might as well
enjoy ourselves.
Uh, we can take the opportunity
to get to know each other.
I'd really prefer
to pass the time quietly.
-Quietly.
-Of course.
-Thank you.
Mmm.
( sighs )
The quiet man.
Hmm.
You know,
I've always been attracted to quiet men.
Odd, isn't it?
But maybe there's more truth than
we realize to that old axiom that op--
Quietly.
Odo.
Yes?
I don't think I can.
Can what?
Well, you don't have to say another word
as long as we're here
but I, I think I really need to talk.
( groans )
I understand.
There's nothing to be afraid of.
Of course not.
No, things could be much worse.
Really?
( sighs )
My daughter and I were once trapped
aboard a Ferengi cargo ship,
and it was dreadful.
Well, all right,
it wasn't actually dreadful.
It was mildly lamentable
and it was all because
of that loathsome DaiMon.
Well...
Actually, he wasn't altogether loathsome.
He was just slightly repulsive.
But he did have a certain charm
in an insufferable kind of way.
Of course, he was totally at the mercy
of his uncontrollable passion for me
which means he wasn't all bad,
now, doesn't it?
And you know, it wasn't all passion, no.
There was some negligible
commercial interest involved
but, oh, the passion
oh, that was... that was perfectly real
and kind of, um, kind of sweet in a way.
He was so helpless.
At first, it was totally
a question of expediency
when I made love with--with him.
What are you looking at?
Hmm?
Oh.
Uh, nothing.
I was just wondering how many volts
are in that exposed circuit.
Go on. Go on.
Well... frankly
by the time one thing led to another...
Think of it as an opportunity, Doctor.
You never know when a friendly ambassador
is going to be in the right place
at the right time to help your career.
Another hour with them
could destroy my career.
It's a simple job.
Just keep them happy and away from me.
Simple?
Nothing makes them happy.
They are dedicated to being unhappy
and to spreading that unhappiness
wherever they go.
They are the Ambassadors of Unhappy.
( laughing )
All of us have
had these assignments, Doctor.
Have you, sir?
As a matter of fact
Curzon Dax used to take perverse pleasure
in assigning me to take care
of VIP guests.
Oh, so now you take the same
perverse pleasure.
In doing it to me.
Exactly.
May I ask, sir
when you graduated
from this sort of assignment?
The day I hit one of the guests.
Hit one...
It was a simple misunderstanding
over his attempt to coax a young Ensign
to his quarters against her will.
But...
Don't hit one of them, Doctor.
I'm not nearly as understanding
as Curzon was.
Yes, sir.
O'Brien: Commander, can I talk to you?
-It's about the computer, sir.
-Still giving you problems?
No, sir, that's just the thing, it's not.
It rerouted the EPS power flow
in less than an hour.
That's good news.
How soon can we get Odo
and the Ambassador out?
We can't.
It didn't activate the turbolift circuits.
Don't ask me why.
You must have some idea of what's wrong.
I want you to listen to something.
Computer, analyze Ops 0-2 sensor readings.
COMPUTER: All sensors read between 14.3
and 14.4 KSC.
Computer, restart all shield
generator subsystems.
Shield generator subsystems
set to active status.
Reading 98.3% efficiency.
( whispering ) Do you hear it?
( whispering ) Hear what?
The voice, it's not the same attitude.
It sounds like the computer.
Sir, when you work
with a computer as much as I do
you get to know it.
They're all very different.
Working with the Enterprise computer
was like dancing a waltz.
With this computer, it's always
been like a wrestling match
till we started downloading the probe.
You think some kind of program
from the probe
is influencing our computer?
Well, it's got to be more
than just a program, sir.
The computer's whole personality
has changed.
It's not resisting any commands
offering any opinions,
giving any arguments
and there's this one other crazy thing
I'm almost afraid to mention.
What's that?
Every time I leave
something happens to bring me back.
Bring you back?
To the computer like the failures
to the turbolifts and the transporters.
A few minutes ago, I was working
at the transporter pad
and the com lines went down
and when I broke for a quick bite to eat
we had a replicator failure.
It's almost like the computer
doesn't want me to leave it alone.
You almost make it sound like a child.
SISKO: Station Log, supplemental.
Odo and Ambassador Troi
remain trapped in Turbolift 4.
As of yet, we have been unable
to ascertain what it is
that's causing the station's computer
to malfunction.
What if it's some kind
of non biological life-form
we've never seen before?
Nonbiological?
Well, it all comes down
to how we define life-form.
But just as biological organisms
have evolved in our cultures
mechanical life could
have done the same in others.
You're suggesting someone
left a baby at our doorstep.
Possibly.
Do you think we can communicate with it?
Well, in a way, we already have.
I mean, it's part and parcel
of our computer now.
But as far as direct communication
is concerned
it may not be capable of that.
We haven't seen any evidence
that this entity is sentient.
KIRA: Maybe more like a stray puppy
that's attached itself to you, Chief.
Whatever it is, it's slowly
disabling our station.
People, we've got to get it out of there.
It came here when we downloaded
the probe's files.
If we upload those same files back
to the probe it might go with them.
What if it's fully integrated
itself into our computer?
I don't think it has.
That would make it more like a virus.
But I don't see any evidence
that it's trying to overwrite
our control networks or destroy
our systems.
I think it's more likely that it simply
creates connections
with areas of the computer
that are active.
Almost as though it feeds off the energy
of the computer functions.
If I'm right, transferring
all of its programming
off the station might just solve
our problems.
How long since we had any communication
from Odo?
Com lines have been down over 90 minutes.
He's been in there almost four hours now.
Do you happen to know the schedule
of his regenerative cycle?
My God, I have no idea
but if he doesn't get back
to his pail in time...
COMPUTER: Subspace emitter aligned.
Outgoing data stream activated.
Computer, upload
all probe command sequences
back to probe's computer.
Stand by.
Unable to complete requested function.
Please abort and retry.
Reset subspace emitter.
Reinitialize data stream.
Receptors open. Control relays activated.
Upload all probe command sequences
back to probe's computers.
Stand by.
It's not as easy as I thought
it would be, Commander.
Is it just the lights or the heat, too?
I didn't bring any warm clothes.
I'm sure it's just temporary.
I've been reading the reports
of your Chief of Operations, Doctor.
They gave me the impression
that he was a competent engineer.
Chief O'Brien?
One of the best in Starfleet.
Then why aren't the backup
systems functioning?
Well, you know...
Out here on the edge of the frontier
it's just one adventure after another.
Why don't I escort you all back
to your quarters,
where I'm sure
we can all wait this one out.
But enough about me.
Hmm?
Enough about me. Tell me about yourself.
I'm really a private man.
Yes, of course you are.
Is that hair real?
It is real in that it is me.
It is not real hair.
How did you do it?
Your hair.
It took a great deal of practice.
You studied hairstyles?
( sighs )
If you must know I imitated the hairstyle
of the Bajoran man who was assigned to me.
Assigned?
To study me at the research center.
He was a scientist.
You mean that's how you grew up
in a laboratory?
I did not grow up as you think of it.
It was merely a transition
from what I used to be...
To what I learned to become.
Oh...
It sounds very lonely to me.
I was always very self-sufficient.
I'm sure you had to be...
uh, to survive...
Being... being so different
from everyone else.
Odo to Ops.
Com lines are still down.
I don't know what's taking so long.
Are you sure you're all right?
You look warm.
It's nothing. I'm fine.
Oh, I can't imagine how it must have been.
You know, if it bothers you
to talk about this...
Not at all.
What was it like?
I guess you could say
I was the life of the party.
I don't think I understand.
My way of trying to fit in.
I found I could be entertaining.
"Odo, be a chair." I'm a chair.
"Odo, be a razorcat." I'm a razorcat.
Life of the party.
( chuckles )
I hate parties.
Well, perhaps you've been going
to the wrong ones.
Come to one of mine, Odo.
I'll make sure that all the guests
are there to entertain you.
( groans )
Now, now, you're not well.
No, it's fine. It's just, uh...
I told you I turn into a liquid
every 16 hours.
Well, I'm in hour 15.
Ready, Commander.
How long do you expect it to take?
Well, if it works
we ought to be able
to get all the probe's files
manually transferred
to the six isolinear rods
in less than 60 seconds.
Let's do it.
Computer, run a level-1 diagnostic
of all power systems on board.
Requested function
will require 43 minutes.
Stand by.
SISKO: Computer, give me an analysis
of all Cardassian traffic
along the border.
Processing long-range sensors. Stand by.
DAX: Computer create
a historical data base
for all known wormhole activity.
( stuttering ) Indicate time parameters.
DAX: All known occurrences.
( slowly ) Requested function
will require subspace link-up.
DAX: In that case, create a subspace
link with Nehru Colony,
New France Colony,
and Corado I Transmitter Array.
( stuttering ) Attempting link-up.
Stand by...
Computer, access musical files
in the Bajor Master Data Banks
and create a concert program
of Bajoran serenas.
Stand... by...
( fading ) Unable to...
Stand...
I'm reading a huge plasma surge
in the Habitat Ring.
You tell Commander Sisko that I expect
that probe briefing
to be held on schedule,
lights or no lights.
I will surely pass that on, Ambassador--
We've got a plasma explosion
in corridor H-12-A, guest quarters.
The computer's not responding.
None of the fire suppression
systems are coming on line.
I'm reading four life-forms
in that corridor.
Major, you're with me. Chief,
get an emergency crew down there.
-We'll need manual fire gear.
-Aye, sir.
( coughing )
SISKO: Phasers at maximum.
Toranium inlay, Cardassian design
I should have guessed.
We're going to need a bipolar
torch to get through it.
Then get a message to Ops.
Tell them it's going to take us
a while to get inside.
If they can't get the fire
suppression systems on line
we're going to lose our people in there.
Aye, sir.
It's not paying any attention to me.
I guess it just doesn't want to leave
like a scared puppy.
We have no idea how long that probe
was tumbling through space, maybe years,
with that life-form alone on board.
It's sort of like shutting up
a puppy in a room, you know?
I had a pup once. If I had to lock him up
he'd scratch forever
at the door trying to get out.
I'm not sure I know
what you're getting at.
Pups don't like to be left alone.
They like attention.
This one is certainly getting a lot of it.
That's right.
So it's no wonder
it doesn't want to leave.
OK, but how is that going to help us?
Everything we've seen suggests
that this entity likes
to be where the action is.
It seems to feed off the energy
of an active computer.
We've been trying to separate it
from what it thrives on.
We've got to do the exact opposite.
The exact opposite?
Lieutenant, I've got to build a doghouse.
( labored breathing )
Odo to Ops.
( moaning )
Odo out.
Odo, turn around.
I can't. It's beginning.
It's all right.
You don't understand.
No one has ever seen me like this before.
Not even the scientist
who was assigned to you?
That was different.
It was only research to him.
But you don't have to be ashamed with me.
I'm not ashamed.
It's a private matter, that's all.
How can I make it easier for you?
You can't.
I'm fine.
What's that?
My hair.
No one's ever seen me like this.
Why?
It looks fine.
It looks ordinary.
I've never cared to be ordinary.
So you see, Odo,
even we non-shape-shifters
have to change who we are once in a while.
You are not at all what I expected.
No one's ever paid me
a greater compliment.
I... cannot hold my shape any longer.
Let go.
I'll take care of you.
( moaning )
KIRA: We're going to need portable
oxygen and get anything
Bashir has in stock to treat plasma burns.
Have a runabout ready
to evacuate these people
to Bajor if we need to.
Yes, sir.
Anara?
The subprogram is ready, Chief.
Computer, analyze subprogram
labeled "Pup."
Requested subprogram is a series
of bi-directional data transfer
and monitoring commands.
Reroute all main computer backup functions
through this subprogram.
All backup functions rerouted.
Great.
OK, computer. Now, listen carefully.
I want to transfer
all probe command sequences
out of core memory
and into the subprogram Pup.
Stand by.
Transfer complete.
Dax to Sisko.
Fire suppression is responding.
All systems are back on line.
Can you get in?
We're in, Dax. Stand by.
( electrical hissing and popping )
We'd better advise Starfleet Command.
( rattling )
Are you all right?
BASHIR: Here, take my hand,
Madam Ambassador.
Watch your head.
Please, Julian.
Call me Taxco.
Ambassador, are you all right?
Yes. Thanks to Julian.
The Doctor
was remarkably calm and logical,
for a man of his years,
under such severe conditions.
We'll be putting him
in for a commendation.
Nice work, Dr. Bashir.
Just in the right place
at the right time, sir.
Well, it's about time.
I... know that wasn't exactly
what you had in mind
for your picnic.
When it comes to picnics
the only thing that really matters
is the company.
Your sensitivity and discretion
are appreciated.
Well...
Next time you see me I'll give you
a lot more to appreciate.
How did you beat that thing
in the computer, Chief?
-I didn't.
-He adopted it.
Adopted it?
Well, I was able to get our friend
out of the main command pathways
and into a subprogram.
-You're suggesting we leave it in there?
-I don't see why not.
It's happy. It's not bothering us anymore.
Well, it seems the humane thing to do.
It's just another
new life-form visiting the station.
I'll take care of it. Make sure
it gets enough attention and all.
Keep it off the furniture.
Yes, sir.